MQTT Broker changelog (#2692)
FlowFuse/website: src/changelog/2024/10/mqtt-service.md

---
title: MQTT Broker Service
description: "Generic MQTT Broker Service"
date: 2024-10-24 13:00:00.0
authors: ["ben-hardill"]
tags:
    - mqtt
---

To celibrate 25 years since the first release of the MQTT Specification we are happy announce a new MQTT Broker Service as part of FlowFuse Cloud.

> The initial deployment is available to Enterprise Teams and allows up to 20 clients to connect to the broker. Each team has their own independant topic space and can set their own topic ACLs to control what clients can access.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The initial deployment is available to Enterprise Teams and allows up to 20 clients to connect to the broker. Each team has their own independent topic space and can set their own topic ACLs to control what clients can access.
```

> This is currently only available to FlowFuse Cloud users, but in future releases we will be making this feature available to Self Hosted customers with an Enterprise License.

Author: ```suggestion
This is currently only available to FlowFuse Cloud Enterprise Teams, but in future releases we will be making this feature available to Self Hosted customers with an Enterprise License. We will also add the ability to purchase batches of extra clients.
```

> From today, this feature is available to FlowFuse Cloud Enterprise Teams. We'll be bringing it to Self-Hosted customers in the near future, as well as adding the ability to purchase additional packs of clients.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
From today, this feature is available to FlowFuse Cloud Enterprise Teams. We'll be bringing it to Self-Hosted customers in the near future, as well as adding the ability to purchase additional packs of clients.

See the [broker documentation] for more details.
```

> This is currently only available to FlowFuse Cloud Enterprise Teams, but in future releases we will be making this feature available to Self Hosted customers with an Enterprise License. We will also add the ability to purchase batches of extra clients.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
From today, this feature is available to FlowFuse Cloud Enterprise Teams. We'll be bringing it to Self-Hosted customers in the near future, as well as adding the ability to purchase additional packs of clients.
```
